added CONTRIBUTING.md file (#1515)
stripe/stripe-ruby: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

We welcome contributions and suggestions to this project. Your contributions can be code changes in a pull request or reporting bugs and feature requests.

Once you have submitted a pull request, sign the Contributor License Agreement (CLA) by clicking on the badge in the comment from @CLAassistant.

Please also make sure that any pull request has a corresponding issue filled out with the necessary context. [Click here to create one](https://www.github.com/stripe/stripe-ruby/issues/new/choose).

## Generated code

> This project has a combination of hand-written code and code generated from our private code generator. Any generated files will have a comment that says `File generated from our OpenAPI spec.` Generated blocks of code within hand-written files will be between a comments that says `The beginning of the section generated from our OpenAPI spec` and `The end of the section generated from our OpenAPI spec`. If your contribution involves changes to generated code, please call this out in the issue or pull request as we will likely need to make a change to our code generator before accepting the contribution.

Reviewer: Does `manually maintained code` sound better than `hand-written`?

Author: I think it does.  I also like your proposed rewording below, so I'm gonna try and marry the two.

Author: Done!

> This project has a combination of hand-written code and code generated from our private code generator. Any generated files will have a comment that says `File generated from our OpenAPI spec.` Generated blocks of code within hand-written files will be between a comments that says `The beginning of the section generated from our OpenAPI spec` and `The end of the section generated from our OpenAPI spec`. If your contribution involves changes to generated code, please call this out in the issue or pull request as we will likely need to make a change to our code generator before accepting the contribution.

Reviewer: Re-arranging to bring the important part about the instruction up top

```suggestion
This project has a combination of hand-written code and code generated from our private code generator. If your contribution involves changes to generated code, please call this out in the issue or pull request as we will likely need to make a change to our code generator before accepting the contribution.

To identify files with purely generated code, look for the comment `File generated from our OpenAPI spec.` at the start of the file. Generated blocks of code within hand-written files will be between comments that say `The beginning of the section generated from our OpenAPI spec` and `The end of the section generated from our OpenAPI spec`. 
```

## Compatibility with supported platforms

> This project supports a wide range of platform versions, and we are unable to accept any contribution that only works on a subset of these versions. If your contribution needs to use a platform API or feature that is only available in some of the supported versions, please call this out explicitly in the issue or pull request. We will do our best to figure out how to help you out here, or plan to accept your pull request later when we can drop support for older versions.

Reviewer: For anyone wondering which versions are supported, should we link to https://github.com/stripe/stripe-ruby/blob/a13126779f680b4d0709e6d1d3f4b5a41f6ebbb8/README.md#requirements?

Should we use the term "runtime" instead of "platform"?

> This project supports a wide range of platform versions, and we are unable to accept any contribution that only works on a subset of these versions. If your contribution needs to use a platform API or feature that is only available in some of the supported versions, please call this out explicitly in the issue or pull request. We will do our best to figure out how to help you out here, or plan to accept your pull request later when we can drop support for older versions.

Author: What I was going for was something that said we work with external developers who want to work on things that we want in the SDK and if they do so in a way that we cannot support, we'll collaborate to see what we can do to help them OR table it until we can.  I can soften the language up a bit.

> This project supports a wide range of platform versions, and we are unable to accept any contribution that only works on a subset of these versions. If your contribution needs to use a platform API or feature that is only available in some of the supported versions, please call this out explicitly in the issue or pull request. We will do our best to figure out how to help you out here, or plan to accept your pull request later when we can drop support for older versions.

Author: >This project supports a wide range of langauge and runtime versions and we are unable to accept any contribution that does not work on _all_ supported versions. If, after discussing the approach in the associated issue, your change must use an API / feature that isn't available in all supported versions, please call this out explicitly in the issue or pull request so we can help figure out the best way forward.

## Set up your dev environment

> Please refer to this project's [README.md](README.md#development) for instructions on how to set up your development environment.

Reviewer: Why not move the development section from the readme to this file?

> Please refer to this project's [README.md](README.md#development) for instructions on how to set up your development environment.

Reviewer: Why not move the development section from the readme to this file?

Reviewer 2: IMO that lives in the readme. This file pops up when opening an issue (linked from "contributing guidelines")

<img width="275" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4d7a90e8-c55b-43e4-85c0-31889d563683" />

If someone is working on a PR, the "how to run tests" stuff is best found as a section in the readme.

Author: I think this is the last open item.  I agree with David here but I am happy to go either way.

Reviewer: My thinking was that if someone familiar with the open source world wanted to contribute a PR, they would first go to the Contributing.md file to see how they go about understanding how the project is structured and how it works. I see now that we are not doing any of that (project structure stuff) in this PR, so am good with it
